Help me get my desk in order before the meeting ends
Even if you are a cloud master
Don't try to tell me what to do
I am now based on the director's review secret.
you
Believe it or not, I will expose you now
Okay, then I'll take care of my family's daughter
The installment of the headquarters of the supervision department
It only takes one sentence to change you
Story You Threatened Me
Uh, yeah.
So I want to have a good time in the company
Gu Tianyun
What was the point of your entry?
Gu Tianyun, this is your domineering screen.
See how I get in touch with Mr. Gu
Mr. Lu Gu Yun is an undercover agent sent by Gu Shi
What gift does this employee have?
Of course, the self-driving group is sad to report.
What do you mean?
Don't beat me around the bush
Employees are actually fake
He is the story supervisor Guo Qianyun
Xiaodong didn't say it earlier
I just found out.
Almost ruined my good deed
Mr. Lu, you must kick him out
I must marry Gu Qianyun
Help me become a true Master Lu